# Buster's Brewhaus Sales Model Building
Buster’s Brewhaus is a trending sports bar with various locations throughout the United States. Buster’s Brewhaus is known for its affordable pricing for lunch and dinner. Along with takeout options and reputable customer service. The purpose of this project is to perform pre-model analysis on Buster’s Brewhaus’ sales and the relevant analysis for continuous regressors that affect said sales. We have taken demographics data to find relationships between certain demographics and how to increase sales.  We have also developed multiple dummy variables in order to determine how sales are affected if a trait is present or absent. We must perform pre-model analysis on the multi-trait dummy variables and limited integer value (LIV) variables that are contained in the data set. Our long run goal is to determine what factors affect sales for Buster’s and how to tailor marketing and our efforts to increase sales. Being able to predict where it is best to expand and build future locations for Buster’s Brewhaus is our primary goal. For statistical analysis, we will use the analytics software SAS. 
Our dependent variable—also known as Yi—is the main factor that we are trying to understand. In our model, we will analyze sales as our dependent variable for the model. The units of measure for sales are in U.S. dollars (dollar value of sales at each store). The time period covered in sales is 2019. Other important variables that provide information about the data are "Store_ID" and "close_date". “Store_IDi” refers to a unique number (from 1 to 78) that identifies each store, “i,” in the data set. “Close_datei” is the date on which store “i” closed, if it closed within the year as all of the stores in the sample opened before 2019. The value will be blank if the store did not close. Dates are written using the first three letters of the month, then an underscore, then the 4 digits that identify the year (for example MAR_2019 means March 2019).
